Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We're here.
Years from now, the world will realize
that this is where
the future became possible.
Man will live on the moon.
It'll be our rockets
that carry them there.
And this...
is where we're gonna build them.
Oh, there's one of 'em now.
It's irresponsible.
They didn't even know
what they were doing,
and then boom.
Morning, Professor.
What are you all testing here today?
Nothing that would interest you.
We don't anticipate
any, uh, explosive findings.
It's a shame, really.
Such a waste of talent.
Come on, faster.
Richard will be here soon.
Come on.
Hello?
You still sure about this?
Mesulam agreed to keep the
project under his supervision.
Yeah, well, our last prototype
nearly took my foot off.
He was the only one that
knew it was going to fail.
Hey, Jack?
Is that a busty redhead riding a wolf?
It's a werewolf, actually.
He's here.
We were starting to worry
you weren't gonna show up.
I stopped by campus to pick up
the last of our things.
Richard, we got to stay focused
on what's in front of us.
What do you think?
It's a work in progress, I know,
but we'll have everything
we had at GALCIT and more.
We'll store chemicals over
here, put up some more tents.
One for propellants,
one for engineering.
And right there is where we're
gonna put our testing platform.
The first dedicated rocketry
testing facility of its kind,
or, as I like to call it, the JPROL.
The Jack Parsons/Richard
Onsted Testing Laboratory.
Oh, doesn't exactly
roll off the tongue, does it?
Well, we could just drop
your name and call it JPL.
I'm kidding.
Your name can even come
first for all I care.
The only thing that matters is
that it's gonna be revolutionary,
and it's gonna be ours.
Can you picture it?
Well, this place has
one thing going for it.
At least here...
no one will see us blow ourselves up.
_
Abide with me, Ra-Hoor-Khuit.
Oh, is that the guy Parsons?
Did you see the paper?
I heard he almost blew himself up.
I assume it's just alcohol in these?
Absinthe made
by the Grand Magus himself.
Not bad.
Have you seen my pal Ernest around?
First names must never be spoken.
Good. You got a drink.
Look like you could use it.
Everybody, this is Frater J.P.,
a Minerval initiate.
I remember him. Last time
he didn't come alone.
- How - is
- Your wife?
She's fine, thanks.
Jack's wife is Catholic.
Oh. My sympathies.
I didn't realize you came to these?
Well, it's important to Ernest,
so, when in Rome...
How many of those have you had?
I'm glad you came.
You tapped into your inner
potency out in the desert.
Thelema can do the same thing for you.
What exactly is Thelema?
It's better experienced than explained.
Do what thou wilt
shall be the whole of the law.
Love is the law.
Love under will.
I proclaim the Law of Light,
Life, Love and Liberty
in the name of IAO.
Love is the law.
Love under will!
Sing unto me the rapturous love song!
Burn to me perfume!
Wear to me jewels!
Drink to me.
I am the blue-lidded
daughter of sunset.
I am the naked brilliance
of the voluptuous... night sky.
To me!
Love is the law.
- Love under will.
- Love under will!
Love is the law.
Love under will.
What happens now?
Now you leave.
You must ascend higher before
you can partake in the workings.
Hey, you know what they're
doing up there now?
What's this?
The answers you seek.
This is London.
You will now hear a statement
by the prime minister.
I am speaking to you
from the cabinet room
of 10 Downing Street.
This morning
the British ambassador in Berlin
handed the German government
a final note
stating that, unless we heard
from them by 11:00,
that they were prepared at once
to withdraw their troops from Poland,
a state of war would exist between us.
I have to tell you now
that no such undertaking
has been received,
and that consequently
this country is at war with Germany.
You can imagine
what a bitter blow it is to me
that all my long struggle
to win peace has failed.
Yet I cannot believe
that there is anything more
or anything different
that I could have done
and that would have been
more successful.
Up to the very last it would
have been quite possible
to have arranged a peaceful
and honorable settlement
between Germany and Poland.
But Hitler would not have it.
Now may God bless you all
and may He defend the right.
For it is evil things that
we shall be fighting against,
brute force, bad faith,
injustice, oppression,
and persecution.
And against them I am certain
that the right will prevail.
You heard?
Just now... in the truck.
...with a solemn
statement declaring war...
I can't believe it.
Please stay tuned
for further developments.
We now return you
to regular programming.
Don't worry. Europe's a world away.
Where were you?
Uh, I'm sorry.
I was trying to get the
generator going in the Arroyo.
Lost track of time.
Well, I'm glad you're here now.
Lay back.
What are you doing?
Jack, what are you doing?
Just trust me.
Stop.
St-Stop. I said stop.
Why would you think I'd like that?
Well, I didn't. It was disgusting.
Fine.
I guess I'm disgusting.
Hop in. We're heading
to the same place.
Did Jack invite you out here?
Told me all about your project.
Nothing gives people faith
in their endeavors
like a sense of posterity.
Well, come on. I don't have all day.
One of the advantages
of being out here
is that we can run as
many tests as we like.
Which is why I've developed
a state-of-the-art testing mechanism.
Come on.
Your neighbor gave me a lift.
Apparently, we need a documentarian.
Figured it might be helpful
to record the tests
so you can watch 'em back later.
That actually would be very helpful.
Thank you, Ernest.
We're not running any tests today,
but maybe you can capture
the preparations.
You just pretend I'm not here.
Well, back to the job at hand.
Here's what I'm proposing.
We dig a trench out there
and lay the test rocket sideways,
attaching a recoil spring
so that any misfires will have
a limited blast radius.
Conversely, we could just stop
designing rockets that blow up.
Well, the quicker we...
eliminate bad ideas,
the quicker we reach escape velocity.
So we're just back
to trial and error then, huh?
Think of it as destruction and rebirth.
Exactly, he gets it.
Don't point that thing at me.
So...
shall we get started?
You want us to dig the trench?
It's not gonna dig itself.
The guy's a prophet. If he
tells you to do something,
you just do it.
Richard.
Well, if he's not gonna bust his ass,
I don't see why
the guy on crutches has to.
Come on, Richard.
Are you gonna pitch in or not?
Goddamn it.
In every part of the world,
a fearsome anxiety
possesses the souls of men.
We therefore enjoin all men,
as this ominous storm approaches,
to make their way back
to the Prince of Peace,
the Conqueror of Death,
from Whom we have heard
the comforting words,
"Peace be unto you."
His peace
which alone can calm
and allay the fear and confusion
in men's minds.
God, it's like someone died.
I'm just saying.
It's not like we're in Poland.
You wouldn't understand.
You were born after the Great War.
Were you listening
to Father Shelby's sermon?
It may look like the dark clouds
are only gathering over Europe,
but believe me,
before too long,
the storm will blow in.
Do you think Jack will have to enlist?
Yeah, but knowing him,
he'll figure a way to get out of it.
I wouldn't wish
what I went through on anyone.
Can I be excused?
Do the dishes,
then straight to your room.
But it's only 6:00.
And you're grounded, remember?
Don't make me ask you again.
What did you do this time?
You really want to know?
Daddy caught me sneaking
out to meet Carl.
The boy from Halloween?
Daddy refuses to let me see
him, so what does he expect?
Probably that you'll do as you're told.
Virgil tried to get me
to stop seeing Jack.
I obviously didn't listen, either.
My older sister admitting
she's not perfect?
You must really like this boy.
He's okay.
Though he's dumb as a stone.
It's not like I'm planning
on marrying him or anything.
Doesn't seem like it's worth
getting into all this trouble, then.
Oh, it is.
What?
You haven't...
Haven't what?
You know.
Maybe.
Spare me another sermon.
I know what you're going to
say. That I'm too young,
that I should be saving
myself for the right boy.
Shh.
You heard Daddy.
With war coming, I may
never get another chance.
- That's why?
- No.
It just feels good.
Why should I have to wait?
Come on, you know what I mean.
You and Jack must do it all the time.
Isn't that the whole
point of getting married?
Not the whole point.
Okay. When you do, don't
you like how it feels?
Whoa, what happened?
I just don't want to
talk about this with you.
You're the one that brought it up.
Is everything all right?
Yeah, it's fine, Daddy.
Least she didn't break
one of the fancy ones.
We need to talk.
The point of knocking
is for someone to answer, but...
What's going on with you?
Out in the Arroyo,
you couldn't care less about
anything anyone was doing.
Maybe I'm just camera-shy.
Well, at least Ernest is helping.
We've got too much work to do.
There isn't time to sulk.
You need to snap out of it.
If not for me,
then for the rest of the team.
Okay.
Look, I get it.
Your worst fear came true.
You failed in front
of the whole campus.
Thanks for spelling it out so clearly.
My point is your worst fear
is behind you.
You don't need to worry
about it anymore.
Come on, we're the Suicide Club.
Men who'd pay
the ultimate price for science.
Or men who failed one time too many.
- Jack.
- "Dear Professor von Braun,"
"I hope you are well."
- That's private.
- "With the gravity"
"of recent events weighing on me,"
"I find myself wondering
whether I can continue"
"such frivolous-seeming pursuits."
"Frivolous"?
Are you talking about our project?
When you're finished
feeling sorry for yourself,
you know where to find me.
Is he gonna be much longer?
- Are you okay?
- What?
Oh, yes. It's not what you think.
Here.
I've been purging.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, keep it.
Looks like you've got
more to purge than me.
He's ready for you.
Hope it goes well in there.
I'll be fine.
Frater E.D. tells me
you are a scientist
designing ships intending
to take us all to the moon.
It's no wonder you were drawn to Agape.
You seek to leave this realm in body.
We seek to transcend it
in spirit.
I guess.
No, we don't guess.
We seek to know.
If we don't know,
we keep asking questions
till we find the answer.
Do you know why people don't
like having their picture taken?
Because they're scared
of what they will see.
What... is standing in the way
of manifesting your dream?
Plenty.
My partner, for starters.
Your frustration with him
is what brought you in today?
Yes.
He's starting to lose faith
in our project
because of one minor setback.
Is he a jealous man?
Great men cast even greater shadows.
Must be hard for your partner
to live in yours.
The setback wouldn't have happened
if he'd just listened to me.
Perhaps he's blaming the endeavor
rather than admitting
these feelings of inferiority.
And what about your wife?
- What about her?
- You don't ask questions
during the process.
You brought her here
the first time you came.
- Yeah.
- But she didn't come back.
- No.
- Why not?
I think what she saw scared her.
- You think?
- I know.
People that carry fear inside them
spread that fear to others.
Has she impeded your will?
She's the only reason
I made it this far.
She never doubts you?
Not really, no.
Never makes you feel guilty
or you're not meeting your obligations?
Never judges you?
Does she make you feel desired?
Master Crowley tells us
that the greatest obstacle
in manifesting our will
is sexual frustration.
That's my wife you're talking about.
Hi.
You look great. Just...
- There you go.
- Thanks.
Stitches may not show up on camera,
But they still have to be straight.
Let's see. Hmm.
Oh, hike up that hem.
It's a comedy, not Sunday school.
Okay.
Afternoon, beautiful.
What are you doing here?
Well, I wanted to give
this back to you.
Tell Phoebe I said thanks.
Stop it.
I will.
You want me to ask her
to develop the film
while I'm at it? Sure.
Jack will be dying to see it.
I sure hope he's appreciative.
Quite a thing to ask you to...
document his rocket test
and yet no pay.
This is what we do
for those who want to walk
their chosen path.
We help them stay on it.
What?
Everyone take ten.
I'm gonna show my hubby
what we've been working on.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
It's just maybe we shouldn't talk
about the Agape at my work.
Why? You embarrassed?
No.
It's just the Grand Magus
said you should only speak of it
to those who are ready to listen.
The Grand Magus, huh?
I didn't realize you were so devoted.
Okay, you got me.
That's not the only reason
I cleared the office.
I haven't been able to stop
thinking about the other night.
- Have you?
- No.
I'm starting to understand, I think.
It did feel sort of... magical.
Didn't you like it?
The point isn't whether
or not I Liked it.
I'm trying, Ernest.
What more do you want from me?
It's not about what...
What you want. I know.
Jesus.
But, I mean, isn't it?
Do you still want me?
Yes, I told you.
But you also want...
all those other women.
It's not about that.
Each person is a different
shaped key that can...
- open up a different part of us.
- Can you stop
With the Thelema stuff for two seconds?
Just tell me.
How many other keys were you with
while we were apart?
You can be just as free
as me to explore.
What if my true will
is to be with you and only you?
I'm sorry.
Don't say that.
At least not like that.
What do you want me to say?
Just promise me...
Listen, please, I...
...I can handle you exploring
as long as I know
there's not someone else.
Someone...
someone you want more than me.
There's no one else.
Then cut through the side...
Nifty trick.
It's not a trick.
In life, we all start out ill-formed.
But the more people
grasp their true selves,
the more they come into focus.
Or you just changed the shutter speeds.
The camera settings are identical.
The only variable is the subject.
The process reveals latent agitations.
Invisible to the naked eye.
Indelible on film.
You have a rare clarity, Jack.
Your struggle is not
discovering your true will.
It's getting others to heed it.
You can say that again.
To restore your friend's faith,
we must help him recapture the passion
that once ignited his ambitions.
How do I do that?
Well, fortunately,
you are no longer alone
in figuring that out.
As for your wife,
place this under your bed.
Before long, you'll notice a change.
What, like a...
like a magic potion?
You are a scientist.
I don't expect you
to take my word for it.
Put it to the test.
See if you observe any results.
Jack? What are you doing?
Uh, found them.
You're going out?
There's a meeting of the
Science Fantasy Society tonight.
I'm taking Richard.
Haven't been
to one of those in a while.
What's the book?
It's a werewolf story called
Darker Than You Think.
Some title.
Hopefully, just being in that
room will remind Richard
why we started all this
stuff in the first place.
Reignite his passions, you know?
Are we ever going to talk
about what happened the other night?
What's there to talk about?
You made your feelings pretty clear.
I'm sorry for what I said.
Don't be. I get it.
What do you get?
I don't know what came over me.
I don't know why, I-it...
it just felt strange.
I understand.
Listen, I got to go,
but these things don't run very late.
Maybe we can make up
for it when I get home.
I'd like that.
"He was free and swift and strong."
"He wanted to explore
this new existence,
to find his powers and their bounds."
Did you get to the end?
- It's even better than
- The Cometeers.
He's a poor man's
Edgar Burroughs at best.
"Her white fangs"
"flashed in scorn."
"'Our enemies are men.'"
Y-You're far too kind.
Now, if anyone has any questions.
Yes, you there.
I loved it,
but was a little confused by one thing.
Did that woman turn
that guy into a wolf?
Or was he a wolf already,
just trapped in a man's body?
April is very much a Freudian
image of the id,
leading Barbee into the darker side
of his desires and instincts.
In a sense, the wolf
was always inside Barbee.
As it is in all of us.
What the hell are you doing here?
One piece, please.
I'm following my true path.
Shh.
I want to move up a degree,
but the Magus says
I need to practice my workings
out in the world.
Practice on who?
You better not say anything to him.
I'm not here to spill secrets.
I'm here to restore
your friend's faith.
How?
It's a shame Ackerman
or Doc Smith didn't talk.
Someone to feed our inspiration.
You disagree?
You said you wanted to take
my mind off our project,
but that is exactly why
we're here, isn't it?
No, we're here to remind you
that we were friends
before we were partners.
The first time we read Smith,
we stayed up all night,
and created our own Skylark
to carry us across the universe.
We were 17.
And I've learned the
difference between science
and science fiction since then.
This seat taken?
I'm Marisol.
I'm Jack.
And you?
Richard.
Eh, Rich.
Okay, Rich.
Did you boys enjoy the reading?
I'm a huge fan of Williamson's.
His work draws a lot from
eastern esoteric thought.
Wow, those are big words.
It's an area of personal interest.
What about you?
What do you boys get up to
when you're not at Clifton's?
Well, believe it or not,
we run the rocketry team at Caltech.
- No kidding.
- Mm-hmm.
If I knew you could study
spaceships in college,
I mighta gone.
They're not spaceships.
They're metal containers
that propel themselves into the air
based on Newton's third law.
No little green men, then?
You have pretty eyes.
You should look up once in awhile.
So?
Tell me how these rockets work.
Um... when fuel burns,
the pressure in the chamber causes
the hot gas to exit the nozzle.
Fascinating.
Um... it is, actually.
And-And I've over-simplified it.
To get one of these to work properly,
an array of engineering challenges
have to be overcome.
That's what you do?
Overcome them?
Yes, I guess I do.
You know what? I just remembered,
Susan put a roast on.
I've got to go.
You... You're leaving?
Yeah. I'll catch you
at the Arroyo tomorrow.
Jack Parsons?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I'm glad I caught you.
Honey, I never leave.
Haven't seen the sun in so long,
they're gonna put me in
Lugosi's next picture.
Here's that screen test
you wanted printed.
Screen test?
Who's the actor?
Never seen him before.
Never seen a reel quite
like this before either.
It's very experimental.
Oh, I-I think there might be
some sort of a mix-up.
The footage I'm here for
was shot by my husband.
Yeah. Donovan. I know.
His name's on the can.
Well, it's not a screen test.
He was shooting some kind
of rocket experiments
for a friend up at Caltech.
I didn't see any rockets.
You want to make sure it didn't
get switched at the lab?
Sure.
Yeah, we both loved the same authors.
H.G. Wells, Jules Verne.
That's how it started, I guess.
Jack, of course, imagined
himself as the hero,
swashbuckling through space,
but... I always liked the machines.
These intricate, amazing,
beautiful machines.
And I thought, if I could make
something like that one day, well,
that really would be something.
It sounds like
you should stick with it.
You're really interested
in all of this?
Can't you tell?
I just never met a woman
who didn't mind me
prattling on about it.
I never met anyone
quite like you, neither.
That's my ride home.
Oh.
We could go grab a drink.
You could tell me more
about your rockets.
My bike... I can't take it
on the Red Car.
Oh, well.
It was an honor to meet you,
Richard... Rich.
Sure I'll read about you
in the paper some day.
Marisol! Marisol!
Marisol!
Can I have your number?
Glenview 7537.
I hope I didn't wake you, Father.
You're always a welcome sight,
even at this late hour.
You know, the last time
I saw you looking so worried
was when you caught Betty Parks
stealing the sacramental wine.
Hopefully, this isn't quite as serious.
It's far worse than that.
I found this under my bed.
I think Jack put it there.
To what purpose?
I have no idea.
Our neighbor is part of
some strange... religion,
if you can call it that.
I think Jack may be going, too.
You think?
You mean he's going
without your knowledge?
Have you ever attended any of these...
rituals?
No.
Then it's difficult to know
what we're up against.
What did Jack say
when you confronted him?
I haven't yet.
He's been out all night, like always.
You did well coming to me.
The Bible warns us
against false prophets.
They come dressed in sheep's clothing,
but secretly are wolves.
What do I do to make him see that?
Speak to him about his actions
and be honest about your fears.
What if he keeps going anyway?
This way leads straight to hell, Susan.
Jack is a man of science, isn't he?
Present him with the facts.
Find out everything you can
about this false religion
and lay it bare for him.
He'll be unable to deny the truth
once he's confronted by it.
Richard Onsted?
Yes?
We need you to come with us.
What's this about, Professor?
General Braxton will explain.
Professor Mesulam, Mr. Onsted,
Please, step inside.
We've already rounded up
your compatriots.
It's extremely combustible.
They call it "green dragon"
on account of the flame.
Rich, looks like the military
had a change of heart
about our project.
Now that we're all here,
are you going to tell us
what this is about?
I'll cut to the chase.
What do you all know about
Wernher von Braun?
Boys, it is not secret you correspond
with the German scientist.
You even brag about it, Richard.
Yes, sir, but I may have been
embellishing a little bit.
It's not as if we have a
personal relationship with him.
But you have been carrying
on a correspondence?
Yes, since we were teenagers.
Why, has something happened to him?
You could say that.
This was taken earlier this year
at a testing site in Germany.
It seems your idol has a new patron.
- No, that can't be.
- I'm afraid so.
Our sources tell us
that von Braun is working
on a missile capable of hitting
London from Berlin.
Von Braun is designing weapons
for the Nazis?
They're giving him all the money
and personnel he needs.
If he succeeds,
all of Europe is in grave danger.
How close is he to achieving
his target distance?
We have no idea.
That's where you all come in.
Well, we've made some strides...
He's not talking about our work, Jack.
They want our correspondence
with von Braun.
Here. I don't know
how helpful these will be.
Thank you, son.
I told you this wasn't about your visa.
Hopefully, he let slip some clues
about how far along he is,
or, at the very least,
information that'll help
our scientists play catch-up.
Well, if there's anything
there, we sure missed it.
We'll get these back to you
if they don't yield anything of use.
Don't bother. Just get rid of them.
Gentlemen.
Berlin to London...
That's what, 600 miles?
Can you imagine what we could do
if the military opened their
eyes and decided to back us?
There's a silver lining here.
- What?
- Can't you see it?
What? That-That our hero is a Nazi?
Why do you always look on the downside?
Look up at the moon.
Doesn't it seem that much closer?
Jesus, Jack.
Disgusting.
In life, we all start out ill-formed.
The more people grasp
their true selves,
the more they come into focus.
Do you know why people don't like
having their picture taken?
'Cause they're scared
of what they will see.
She never doubts you?
Makes you feel guilty
or you're not meeting your obligations?
Does she make you feel desired?
People that carry fear
inside them spread that fear
to others. Has she impeded your will?
You seek to leave this realm in body,
we seek to transcend it in spirit.
synced & corrected by PopcornAWH
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org